maria ricardina ferrante braga guard was a teacher of the orders at 82
60-year charity appearance she collects rarities has acted
women
by then 7070 9:30 am at the time
I do not want to congratulate you
break my family stress the round another cardboard child no
did not have
the doll breed the idea of ​​who he was but up to make the 80's to 90's all
smiling good with life
Dona Dina as it is known
believes that their disposition and rejuvenation beyond the
she started collecting provider for almost 30 years control the first
danger arrival scraping now at cbf and effects and was thus destroyed
and then I started to feel
so the doll megabolsa want
and after all, I was elected the following year the saint andré what was to improve the
last before Christmas in the face of the threat had not died
grandson and hugo lloris now it's easier now
free entry to the old dolls if I find no one else understands
has changed
because who has does not want the devaluation of the idea and woe of who
dare to play with some dolls and under pressure
which has already reached a thousand people
I realized that nobody
sj start to respect improving
is the greatest apprehension
at a certain moment she returned with her family to the center
she cries the collection impresses by the diversity the aveirenses dolls
history if per week citing the end of santana fair
despite their efforts beyond that
Most rubber plastic for a year and a half of relatives and friends
some that are imported and united states uruguay of japan
like this
the trend